So the next effort that began to create is going to be responsible for calling the flush method.
And as we remember from the previous lectures, the flush command is what you name generates the actual
report.
So it needs to be run after all the reports and tests of completed running.
So I'm going to call this method.
Public.
Static void.
Flash report, an open and close embrace.
I'm just going to make some more room here so you can see.
And inside this method I am going to use the extent report filled, which is this one.
And I'm going to add a dot.
And you'll see that there is a method there that belongs to the extent reports class called flush.
And as you can see in the description it right.
Tests information from the start it reporter to the output view.
And asked that method now complete.
So this next method is going to get the test and it's going to be using Fred local.
So I'm going I'm going to be using the synchronized keyword as explained in a previous lecture.
So I'm going to write public.
Think.
Transport is right.
Reenergized.
Static.
Extent test.
And I want to call this method.
Get test round brackets and open and close embrace.
And I am going to return.
Extend test.
So this is this field here.
Dot.
Get and get is a Fred local method which we've seen previously.
The semi-colon.
The next method is going to be responsible for creating the test.
So again, I'm going to write public.
Synchronized.
Static.
Extent test.
And I'm going to call this method crate test.
And it's going to take two parameters a string, which I'm going to call name followed by comma string.
Description at the end of that, an open and close embrace.
Inside this method.
I am going to Riot's extent test and call it test equals.
And I am going to use.
This extent report filled.
Dot create test.
And I'm going to provide the parameters I've defined above.
So name followed by the comma and description like so.
And then a semicolon at the end of that.
Below that line.
I'm going to write extend test.
Dot said.
Which is another Fred local method.
So it sets the current Fred's copy of this Fred local variable to a specified value.
And inside that it's pass in this test here.
Then all I need to write is return.
Get test.
Like so.
So hopefully that makes sense.
So again, I'm using synchronized static keywords and I'm calling a method on creating a method called
create test, which takes two parameters, which are both strings.
And then create an extent test.
So an object name here equals extent report, which is a field that we've defined above and I'm calling
a method of a create test.
So this create test is a, a method which returns an extent test object and I'm passed into arguments
which is name and description to it.
I'm then call in extend test.
Which is this field here.
And because we use Fred local, we need to set the value of that Fred by using the set method name and
I'm pass in this test I've created the test from.
And then simply return in get test.
So the next method that I need.
All to do with the login.
So I'm going to Riot's public.
Synchronized.
Static void.
And I'm going to call this one log.
And it's going to have a parameter of message, an open and close embrace.
And inside this method, I'm going to riot.
Get test.
Dot info.
And I'm going to simply pass the message parameter of a semicolon at the end.
So if I highlight this test, you'll see that it's referring to this method here.
And this method is return in the extent test.
Don't get to get the fret information.
So I can now use this method log within my tests.
So this is going to be responsible for reporting information such as the tests that started.
I'm then going to simply copy and paste that method.
And I'm just going to make some minor changes for the next one.
And I'm going to call this one pass.
And again, it's going to have a parameter of string message and it's going to have a is going to again
called get test method.
But instead of dot info, I'm going to call dot pass.
So this is log in a POS event.
And again, I'm just passing that parameter.
I'm going to copy this one more time and paste it here.
And for this one, I'm going to call it fail.
And instead of get test pass, it's going to be get test dots fail and again is passing that message.
So these are the free logger methods that we need for which we can then use in our test classes.
So all I need to do now is create one more method, and that method is going to be responsible for retrieving
the screenshot image.
So I'm going to write.
Public.
Synchronized.
Static.
Void.
Attach image.
In round brackets, an open and close embrace.
And inside this method I may again going to use get test method dot and you can see if I start type
in ADD.
I've got methods here for add screen capture from path.
So I am going to use this one which is add screen capture from path, string path.
And you see that would automatically populate extent report prefix.
But I'm going to delete that and add a semicolon at the end.
So what I need to do is provide a path where the screenshots are stored.
And if I open up my base page.
And scroll down, you'll see that this method here take snapshot is responsible for taking the screenshots
and then it then stores or creates a file and stores in a destination file using this directory path
here.
So I've got an issue here.
So I need my report to find the location or where the screenshots are captured.
But when I'm creating my screenshots, I'm using dynamic fields here.
So the timestamp, for example, is going to be different based on when that screenshot is taken.
So I need to somehow think of a way to use the or this method or values from this field in order to
use it.
My extent.
Report attached image.
So this is where we need to make some changes to our base page class.
We need to think of a way where we can pass the screenshot path to assistant manager, so I don't need
to somehow retrieve the destination file path taken into account is dynamic.
And I plan to do this in the folly of white.
So in my base page, I'm going to create a new field and I'm going to call it public static string.
And I'm going to give it a name of.
Screen shot.
Destination.
Path of a semicolon at the end.
So this string is going to store the.
Destination file path name.
So this is going to contain a directory, just the name of the screenshot.
So in order to use this filled.
I need to make some changes to my take snapshot method.
So.
Well, I'm using foil dressed foil instead.
I'm going to change foil.
To shrink.
And that's going to throw an ever.
So instead of a new file.
If I move that.
And remove the open round bracket like so and remove this close in round bracket at the end.
You'll see that will be accepted.
And so what I'm then going to do after this line is I am now going to use that new filled screenshot
destination path.
And it's going to equal.
Test file.
We have a semicolon at the end.
Underneath this.
I'm then going to use a try catch statement and try a catch statement is what's actually going to copy
the file to a destination path.
So I'm going to try.
Open embrace.
File.
Utils.
Got a copy.
File.
And here I'm going to pass source file.
Which is this here?
And in his second argument, I'm going to write new.
File.
And then in brackets, I'm going to pass this test file.
Like.
So it was semicolon at the end.
And you say I actually need another close in bracket like so.
Then after the close embrace, I'm going to add catch.
And then in brackets I'm going to write.
I own.
E ception e like so.
In another open and close embrace.
And then I'm going to write e dot print stack trace and that will simply, if this fails, the catch
will be triggered, which will simply print out and ever trace.
So I no longer need this line here as we're dealing with this in this section here.
But I need to return something.
So, as you can see, this method is currently avoided.
So I am going to change this from public void to public static string like so.
And at the end here, this will now allow me to return a string for which I am going to return.
This value here, which is name.
If I had a semicolon.
You'll see that those errors now go away.
But you'll see that there is an error on the timestamp because I need to change.
It's a static which will simply amend this method here like so.
So now that I've amended this take snapshot, I can now use this field as is.
Field will contain the path of the screenshot because I have used it here.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create one more method in this space page, and I'm going to
do so underneath this timestamp method.
And I'm going to write the following.
Public static string.
And I'm going to call it get the screen shot.
Destination path, an open and close embrace.
And it's going to return.
And it's going to return this field here.
With a semicolon at the end.
So now if I save this space page.
And now we turn, to my extent, manager class.
In these brackets here.
I'm now going to pass this new method.
Like so.
And you see there's an error here.
And the reason for that is I need to add round brackets and that error will now go away.
So when this method is called, it's going to attach the image to the reports, and it does so by its
haste by calling the get test method and then add screenshot capture from.
So this is a extend test method and then it's looking for a destination of where it's going to attach
the image from.
So by amending the base page, I've now changed the Take Snapshots method.
But using a new filter I've created called screenshot destination path and is equal in the value of
this file and that this file contains a path to where the screenshots is created.
And the screenshot name.
I then created a method called String Get Screenshot Destination Path, which simply returns this field
here and this field at that point will contain the value of this file.
So now an extent manager when it tries to attach a report is going to add the screenshot from by using
this method and this method is this method here which contains or returns the value of this field defined
above.
So apologies if this is confusing, but hopefully it's making sense to you.
So all I'm trying to do is retrieve the image in my extant report when this method is called.
So now that I've done that, I'm simply going to say this and you'll see that there's no errors and
it's been saved.
And that is how extent manager class now completes.
In the next lecture, I'll begin amending our listeners.